Task 1 (new training)

https://www.ostraining.com/class/wp-beginner/tags/
MATT MULLENWEG developer of wordpress.

1. Wordpress for beginners:

Wordpress is a open-source software for blog or apps (CMS : content managemnet system )
32% of the entire internet from hobbies to newsites.
Customize designs, SEO Friendly, Responsive mobile sites, High Performance, High Security, Powerful Media Management.
Open-source is fueled by the community

2. Install wordpress on your  PC:

XAMPP ( win, Lin ), MAMP MAMP PRO, Server Press, Local by Flywheel ( free option )
Use local by flywheel download it, use the preffered name. 
then click view site

3. Install wordpress with a hosting company:

SiteGround, Cpanel
go to wordpress.org, get -> download wordpress, use cpanel extract, move in public_html
then use mysql database wizard
give name passwd -> then give all priviliges

4. Getting started with wordpress Dashboard:

the comment symbol is for system messages
Screen options ( show everything whats going on) for check and uncheck

5. How to create a wordpress posts:

New blog post, Most things are done in a post.
go to post section -> add new
name of the project is Guttenburg
guttenburg is a drag and drop editor block
Give a title and start writing in the next block 
use modes ( click on the 3 dots in top right mosr corner, you have 3 options spotlight mode, Top Toolbar, Fullscreen mode )
you can aslo use editor type from the same corner.

6. How to view your wordpress posts:

title, autor, categories, tags, system comments, date
pagination, can change the items per page for bulk actions, don't increase too much for the page will timeout
you can also change view mode.
in wordpress it's called a single because it is a sinle item or a single post

7. How to use wordpress block editor: 

permalink, can be changed under settings ( we have done this on backend )
permalinks are permannet links that cannot be changed, helps to create a URL structure that is easy for both humans and search engins to understand. 
   1. A permalink is used when another blogger wants to link to your article.
   2. You share the permalink when you want to share your content on social media.
   3. When google wants to index your article, they use the permalink of the content.
   4. When you want to share a blog post with your frined, youy send the permalink of your content in an email.
You can chnage edit whatever in your block, most common settings are also given. H1, H2, H3, H4 for heading types.

8. How to set up categories:

they are important, depends on the site, like if you want to build up a news wbesite then you want to add the category of news on your site url /%category%//
add a name, the slug is what appears in url ususally lowercase
can also create a nested structure ( like attractions/children/ etc)

9. How to add tags:

links to content to organizational structure
